well this is my most recent freebie that
got this one
yesterday it's a craftsman generator
I mean I didn't paid too much attention
to it other than it does say it is a
force there's a serial number on the
engine
so
and it is the 143 number which means
Sears this is all original but this
generator came from someone who
obviously tried to get it running and it
would not start and then it's not they
can be realized that it's not even large
enough to run their house on they've got
a large house and 1800 watts is not
enough and I do know them they've given
me a push mower before but well there
you go to three-prong outlets air filter
probably needs to be changed spark plug
appears to be original that's a sad part
oil is that it's actually full on oil
but you know I'll be changing that
obviously and then I'll clean out the
generator head and that'll be it
hopefully I can get this one running oh
yeah
and the other issue it's got that crack
there that's good that crack let's lots
of fuel through I can try and
demonstrate
see
it doesn't have much feel in there feel
is probably right up to about there
something like that but as I as I've
done the coating on the engine has this
as it becomes the engine you know the
serial number I believe was eight oh
nine six or something like that so this
is probably a 1978 model
so huge muffler a little I guess that's
a that's that's good 3600 RPM motor 1800
watts single-phase nothing too special
16 amps I guess that's pretty good
keep in mind it's a small generator but
oh just making a quick video here we'll
have a video that one is from so see you
guys then
you